# chathMeIfYouCan

Concept of the game:  Click the rotating bar before it jumps away.  Get the most amount of points before the clock runs out. Point calculation:  Each click gives you ten points times the level number. (Level 1 gives you ten points per click, level 2 gives you twenty, etc.)  Clicking anywhere but the rotating bar removes the level number of points. (You loose one point in level 1, two points in level 2, etc.) The clock:  You start off with 60 seconds on the clock.  Every level you pass adds another ten seconds to the clock. Winning the game:  Complete five levels of ten clicks per level. Challenges:   At the start of the game, the bar rotates 360 degrees in 2 seconds.  Every level speeds it up by 0.25 seconds  (2 seconds in the first level.  1.75 in the second level, etc.)  At the start of the game, hovering over the bar triggers the escape after 300 microseconds.  After every level, that amount decreases by 50 microseconds. Functions:    •Upon page load, the JSON containing the leaderboard of top five scorers is pulled from the local storage, gets parsed, and entered into the HTML block.  When hovering over a name, a small pop up displays the date the score was created. •A Start Game button triggers the function that spins the bar and begins the timer.  Only once the game has started do the rotating bar and false clicks triggers activate. •Hovering over the bar triggers a delayed function that cases it to escape within the playing field.  (CSS top and left in Math.random()) •Clicking  the  bar  before  it  escapes  triggers  a  function  that  will  add  points  to  the scoreboard and decrease the amount of clicks before getting to the next level. •Clicking  anywhere  else  triggers  a  function  that  will  add  the  "lost  points"  to  the scoreboard. •Each ten clicks on the bar triggers a function that takes you to the next level, which gets displayed in the level board. •When time runs out, the bar stops turning, and an alert opens up telling you how many points you scored (Total points minus lost clicks).•A verification checks the leaderboard to see if the score entered the top five.  If yes, prompt for the name, get the date, and enter the name, date, and score to the array of high scores, removing the lowest score.  Then "stringify" the array into a JSON and return it to the "local storage".

